today is a fundamental day in the
Every boy's life today is the day
of the state exams we are at the institute
commercial technician cecilia deganutti ed
today is an important day also for
a cardholder and the Udinese for simone
scudett friulana doc which he supported
he, too, the first proof of the theme
we interviewed him here
what he told us, I think it's gone
quite well the first test today
wrote what because I knew what
I felt in the technical field
scientific I hope it went well
why did you choose that one?
trace there but it is a topic anyway
interesting that speaks
What is the new communication systems
however in young enough
known I had something to write is
lived your night before the exams e
38 here with a little anxiety a little
shaking a quiet night at home
obviously a little anxiety before the exam
they all have it is normal now
there is a bit like saying a sense of
tranquility or whatever you know tomorrow
you told me it is perhaps the hardest test
the second is the economy one
second
I think it's the hardest not just for
me, however, to do better as possible
in short, a bit like a bit like in football
is also committing itself
at school it's a personal thing of mine
I always try to do the best in me
everything I do and then point to
do well this too we also succeed in
maybe give a small preview of a
final grade to what points precisely
certainly much higher than 69 everything
what comes
I take it positively though obviously
just vote that it is the highest
You can then have time after the exams
for a while he is already planning
something there is a few days off
to disconnect then ready to start again
for next year